The answer was too simple and I was too smart to see it #  Princess Bubblegum

  "When bad things happen, I know you want to believe they are a joke, but sometimes life is scary and dark. That is why we must find the light # BMO"

 "People make mistakes. It's a part of growing up, and you never really stop growing #  Duke of Nuts"

 "Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you but what people call 'love' is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. # Rick Sanchez"

"I'm not looking for judgment, just a yes or a no. Can you assimilate a giraffe? # Rick Sanchez"

 "Spongebob: What do you usually do when I'm gone? Patrick: waiting for you to come back.# spongebob"
 
 "No one flicks me in the butt without my consent! #  Finn the Human"
 
 "Well, it's no secret that the best thing about a secret is secretly telling someone your secret, thereby adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets, secretly.# Spongebob 

"Even if we like each other, we're still going to hurt each other #  Flame Princess"

 "Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you but what people call 'love' is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. # Rick Sanchez"

"So, in conclusion, you're both equally mercurial, overly sensitive, clingy, hysterical bird-brain homunculi. And I honestly can't even tell the two of you apart half the time because I don't go by height or age, I go by amount of pain in my ass-which makes you both identical. All right, everything resolved? Everybody nice and certain about their position in my world? # Rick Sanchez"

 "Rick, forgive me for doing this in notes. I'm not strong enough to do it in persons. I realize now that I'm attracted to you for the same reason I can't be with you. You can't change. And I have no problem with that, but it clearly means I have a problem with myself. I'm sure there's no perfect version of me. I'm sure I'll just unify species after species and never really be complete. But I know how it goes with us. I lose who I am and become part of you. Because in a strange way, you're better at what I do without even trying. Yours, and nobody else's... # Unity."

" Fuck me in the ass and call me a bitch # Terren and Philip"

 "Dumb people are always blissfully unaware of how dumb they really are.(drools) # Patrick"
 
 "Sometimes you want someone and you want to kiss and be with them, but you can't because responsibility demands sacrifice. #  Princess Bubblegum"

"The answer was too simple and I was too smart to see it #  Princess Bubblegum"

"Well, it may be stupid, but it's also dumb. # Patrick"



"The answer was too simple and I was too smart to see it #  Princess Bubblegum"


Screw u guys I'm going home -- Cartman.

" Slamacow! That was tops! Who's not good at math? I was all, Four!.... # Slumber Party Panic"

“ Mathematical!  # Adventure Time” 

"When the tiger was smoking # Korean proverb"

"Dumb people are always blissfully unaware of how dumb they really are.(drools) # Patrick"

The Little Magician. Martin Van Buren, eighth president of the United States and a founder of the Democratic Party, was born on December 5, 1782, in Kinderhook (external link), New York.


"Oh ... Not again # The nuke converted to vase in h2gt2g "

" watch Samsara # me"

"You might not like the answer # h2gt2g "
